Add a couple of ~recent news items (#21)
theupdateframework/theupdateframework.io: content/news.md

> The [press](/press) page contains a full listing of news coverage.

**June 16, 2021**

> The Sigstore community live-streams [key generation and signing ceremony

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Sigstore community live-streamed a [key generation and signing ceremony
```
